hey guys it's John
have yet another monster spawner trap
which I'm pretty sure this one does work
with spiders which the last one I did
didn't and this one is going to going to
be using lava and just now I'm going to
show you live dug out of my monster
spawner so far so you guys can see so
originally this was just like a couple
sort of rib but then I've dug out this
bit and I've dug down here I've dug
about this and your maybe you may be
wondering why why I did that pit and
this bit is for we're going to work
going down here
and it's going to come to the very edge
and it's going to stop now we're going
to have another I'm going to have more
water here we're just going to come down
here and stop again we should work we're
going to like get a lift from where the
most suitable drop the loot so to start
off with we're going to want to garam
let's respond it and go to the very edge
where we dug well this bit now we're
going to count eight and eight block so
that's eight there and we're going to
take down one layer and you you may be
wondering why I'm doing this is because
when we do this we want the word like I
said to come go to the very edge of the
thing
okay once we dug out that man we are
going to get some water and I don't have
a bucket so I I already have an
unlimited water so I'm gonna hit whoops
yes I'm gonna pit go buckets of water
there eat more MORE yeah whoops can go
out now and there and there we go
now I should stop at the very end like
that now what we're going to do is dig
some we're going to piss on ladders here
like that I'm going to dig in here three
blocks each time so one two three three
one two three one two three keep doing
this until yes there now I'm going to
come up here quickly if I can get there
and I'm going to get my buckets of lava
which we're going to use this is going
to kill the monsters so we're going to
come over here and pick up bucket there
there there there and there
so now it will look like this and it
looks really kind of it looks really
stupid but it does work so the monsters
are basically going to come down here
and die from the Lila and what they will
try and swim up so what I'm going to do
is pit block
along here so they can't actually swim
up the lava and it what happens it
reduce - what I love is that they will
and the loot will not come out root will
be destroyed by the lava and if you have
a spider trap about around above 50% of
the loot will come out cousin
most of it will get destroyed by lava so
now we're going to test it see if I
watch it before we test it we're going
to need to go and make the bit where the
water will come out so we have five
buckets of water and I'm going to put
half steps here and I've got five
buckets of water here which nope not
there they're there they're there and go
don't have enough more and
there we go
this is where just where the loot is
going to come out and is going to drop
and it will come toward you so now we
shall test it let's see if it works
so we have a cut we have a zombie that
spawned I can't quite see you there we
go
dead see if this other zombie will come
down and die hopefully okay good the dad
hit I like and come on let's see don't
know how they're actually spawning
because there's torches to prevent it
from spoiling oh there we go
so that you're dead and we're going to
go see if any of the loot has come out
yes it has and that's quite a lot of
loot so we must work fairly well and my
two torches as well so how many zombies
died there three you think and we got
seven so it must be for the died so
killed four zombies and we got seven
feathers so it doesn't work fairly well
okra oops okay so it does work really
well so and look it should work with
spiders it technically should work but
I'm not sure how affected because since
spiders of one block I they might swim
up and their loot might be destroyed by
the lava so it's like I could tap and
I'm not really sure to be honest but I
guess you'll just have to find out and I
hope to go to the Lord it doesn't work
for spiders because I just make it so
much better but anyway that's the trap
finished they'll know see you there